(CREATURES panic/pain/misery)
(LAMIA MORMOS scream)
[DIX] You let the vouivre get
away?!
[GRAN] Unfortunately, yes.
We lost sight of the damn thing
somewhere on the 19th Floor...
[IKELOS FAMILA LADY A] It's
probably being torn apart by
other monsters right now.
[DIX] Ugh... A precious
opportunity gone to waste!
[DIX] That thing was worth some
serious scratch. We could have
sold it to those rich Elurian
freaks.
[DIX] Their nest is somewhere in
the Colossal Tree Labyrinth...
but we still can't figure out
where that damn thing's
located! Can we?!
(LAMIA MORMOS death yell)
A vouivre, huh...?
It's such a rare find... I'm not
inclined to give up so easily.
[DIX] Luckily,
we've got insurance.
[DIX] Get me a list of every
adventurer in Rivira at the
time.
[GRAN] Roger that.
[DIX] So, Master Ikelos...
[DIX] Would you mind lendin' us
a hand over here?
(IKELOS cackle)
What an arrogant
way of asking
your god for a favor...
cocky little scamp.
[DIX] The gods can spot us
mortals lying from a mile away.
If that vouivre is still alive
and some jackass is out there
protecting it...
I'm gonna need you
to sniff 'em out.
What a pain in the ass...
[IKELOS] (grunt) Have you
forgotten that I'm a god?
[DIX] Anything for you to keep
the boredom at bay, am I right?
[IKELOS] Such is life,
I suppose.
Put on another good
show for me... Dix.
(DIX heh)
(Opening Song, "over and over")
[BELL] We're going to
the dungeon... aren't we?
[HESTIA] That's right.
I had a chat with Hephaistos,
Take, and Miach...
[HESTIA] We agreed there's only
so much we can learn about Wiene
up here on the surface.
[HESTIA] Normally the Guild
would be a good place to
start... but we have to keep a
low profile.
Makes sense to me.
If word gets out...
it would jeopardize the
future of our Familia.
[LILI] And who knows what
would happen to her...
(WIENE giggling)
[HESTIA] Exactly.
So let's make this
trip to the Dungeon
as discreet as possible, okay?
Scope out the place you found
her... And surrounding areas...
Check it all out...
and report back.
Sounds like a plan.
[WIENE] Bell...
Are you going away?
Don't you worry... I'll
get back as soon as I can.
[WELF] Let's do it.
But let's get back here
as soon as we can.
And if these two are going to
stay behind... it'll be just the
three of us on 19.
[LILI] A trip like that could
take upwards of a day...
Okay...
Then remember, the
last thing we wanna do
is ask the wrong
person for help.
(BELL concerned)
(WIENE worried)
[RYU] You want to
travel to Rivira?
[BELL] Uh... That's right!
If you aren't...
busy, that is...
I was hoping that you might
lend us a hand, maybe?
[SYR] Any particular
reason you're going?
Well, uh... kinda!
There's this thing that we
have to take care of today,
sort of like a quest
or something...
Can ya' help?
(RYU suspicious)
[RYU] My deepest
apologies, Mr. Cranel.
[RYU] I must attend to
my responsibilities here
at the pub-
[AISHA] Bell Cranel!
(RYU notice)
[BELL] Miss Aisha!
[BELL] What are you
doing here...?
[AISHA] I was in the
neighborhood,
so I figured I'd pay
Haruhime a lil' visit.
[AISHA] That's when I saw
a few familiar faces.
[AISHA] What's a guy like you
doin' in a place like this?
[BELL] U-um, to tell
you the truth...
[SYR] Oh wow...
[SYR] She's like
an Amazon, right?
(RYU annoyed)
(AISHA hmmm?)
[AISHA] You're in need
of a bodyguard, eh?
Okay... I think I can
help you out with that.
Seriously?!
Uh-huh... It's just a quick trip
to Rivira and back, isn't it?
[AISHA] I've always
wanted to party up with
you in the Dungeon.
[AISHA] However...
(BELL notice) (scared)
My services don't
come cheap, y'know.
(SYR gasp)
I missed my chance
to devour you the last time...
(BELL nervous)
[AISHA] Let's work out
an agreement, shall we?
(AISHA licks lips)
(BELL fear)
[RYU] Unhand him...
Do you hear me?
[RYU] Such vulgar behavior
will not be tolerated.
Huh? Excuse me?! Are
you insinuating the
boy is your prey?!
Do not get the wrong idea.
[RYU] Mr. Cranel and... his
intended have a commitment.
[SYR] Huh?! (happy)
[AISHA] Oh yeah?
What a coincidence!
I, too, have entrusted this boy
with my dearest protégée's
lifelong health and happiness.
(BELL terrified)
[RYU] I'd rather you didn't
spout such nonsense.
(SYR giggling)
[RYU] It will only
confuse Mr. Cranel.
Oh, I get it. I get it.
You're worried that I'm going
to get the first taste,
so you're trying to butter him
up with all the cutesy crap.
How very like an elf...
[RYU] I cannot leave him in the
care of a woman with such poor
character.
[RYU] Stand down.
[RYU] Syr.
(SYR giggling, notice)
[RYU] I'm taking a half day.
I apologize, please
inform Mama Mia.
[SYR] Huh?! Ryu?!
This woman is trouble.
To protect Mr. Cranel's
chastity...
I shall accompany them
on their journey.
I'll be back in time to
help with the dinner rush.
[SYR] O-okay...
Well... I suppose it all
worked out in the end...
Bein' a famous adventurer
sure seems rough...
I can't imagine dealing with
the extra attention...
Yeah, right..?
(AISHA swing)
(HELLHOUND A sliced)
(HELLHOUND B stabbed)
(AISHA stab)
[BELL] Incredible!
[AISHA] It's all thanks to
someone kickin' my ass.
[AISHA] After my visit to the
Rakia camp,
I holed up in the Dungeon
for a while to focus on
getting stronger.
[RYU] Antianeira... I see...
[RYU] It is true...,
(RYU notice)
(attack)
(BELL gasp)
(RYU grunt)
[AISHA] Wow...
you're not half bad.
You, as well.
(LAMIA MORMOS A screaming)
(WELF straining)
(BELL worried)
(LILI worried) (gasp)
(LAMIA MORMOS B seething)
(growl) (attack)
(BELL pain) (fall)
(LAMIA MORMOS B growl) (leap)
[WELF] Get up!
Master Bell!
(LAMIA MORMOS B
attack) (stabbed)
(RYU straining)
[RYU] Is something
the matter, Mr. Cranel?
[RYU] You don't seem
like yourself...
(BELL conflicted)
(stabbed)
[AISHA] Talk about a major
letdown... The hell was that?
[RYU] Let's make haste.
[RYU] Allegedly,
the 17th Floor's
Goliath was slain
before we arrived.
[AISHA] Good idea...
Let's go before it respawns.
[WELF] Bell... You
gotta get it together.
(BELL sigh)
(BOTH irritated)
(awkward laugh)
[AISHA] Fess up. If the
two of 'em really had
gone to exchange dropped
items like you said,
wouldn't they have
been back here by now?
[RYU] I'm surprised that
they left you behind.
(LILI thinking)
It's possible...
that they need their
own "guy time"
just like us girls do, right?!
So you're really
not gonna let us in
on the little secret then, huh?
I don't have the faintest idea
what you're talking about.
Sorry, Lady Aisha!
You annoying little shrimp.
(RYU sigh)
[BELL] Do you think... we
should've said something
to Miss Ryu and Miss Aisha
before leaving?
[WELF] It'd be way too risky..
If they tagged along they'd have
questions.
You can just leave
'em to Squeaks.
Hey... I know it's
all pretty new...
but doesn't the terrain on
this floor seems like it's
different to you?
[BELL] It's called the
"Colossal Tree Labyrinth."
[BELL] They taught me
about it at the Guild.
[WELF] Huh...
[WELF] This the spot?
Mmhm... This is the place
where I met Wiene.
[WELF] I don't see anything
outta the ordinary...
[BELL] It's never
that easy, is it?
(WELF notice)
(BOTH startled)
(BELL nod)
[REI] You two reek
of my brethren...
(BOTH question)
[WELF] Huh!? What
did you just say?
[REI] Are you their abductors?
[REI] No you can't be.
[REI] I detect no blood...
Then are you, by any chance...
...the individuals of
whom Fels spoke?
[BELL] Fels you say?
[REI] Let me ask you...
Do you two believe...
that we are capable
of coexisting?
[BELL] What do you mean
"Coexisting"...?
[WELF] What're you
yammerin' on about?!
Your fellow brethren murder us
in cold blood...
while my brethren... also
slaughter your people.
[REI] Is this our true destiny?
Can we not see eye to eye?
(BOTH gasp)
As for me...
I'd wish to bask in the Sun.
I'd like to soar high
above a vast world...
filled with a warm light...
rather than this cold abyss.
[REI] There's... something
different about you...
(BELL shocked)
[REI] I have high
hopes... for us.
(BOTH gasp)
[BELL] Feathers?
Okay, you saw
that too...
right Bell...?
[BELL] She's...
just like Wiene...
(BELL shock)
[DIX] Oh? Is that
Little Rookie, eh?
[GRAN] It is...
no doubt about it.
I'm positive... he was here
when the vouivre got away.
(DIX intrigued)
[DIX] Smells fishy... (chuckles)
[DIX] Perhaps it's time
for Master Ikelos to
turn up the heat...
[BELL] I can't thank
you enough, everyone.
[AISHA] I must say, you've
certainly piqued my curiosity...
[AISHA] But! Some questions
are better left unanswered.
[RYU] Mr. Cranel...
(AISHA notice)
[RYU] If you find
yourself in trouble,
don't hesitate to ask for help.
[RYU] I'll do everything
in my power to assist.
I'll collect payment
some other time.
Send my regards to Haruhime.
(LILI sigh)
So! Would you two
mind telling me
what the heck happened?
I mean c'mon guys...
You two have been
acting awfully strange
ever since you got back
from the 19th Floor.
Uh... W-well...
Yeah, about that...
Honestly, I still haven't
wrapped my head around it.
You mind if we meet up
with Lady Hestia first?
Uh... yeah, sure... If that's
what you prefer, it's fine.
Sorry... Lili.... It's just that
I... need to be alone for a bit.
[REI] Do you two believe... that
we are capable of coexisting?
[BELL, internal] Who or
what was that person...?
[IKELOS] Yo, Little Rookie!
(BELL notice)
[IKELOS] Lucky me! Fancy
meeting you here, kiddo...
Is there... something
I can help you with?
(IKELOS laugh)
Hey, there's no need
to be so nervous.
Kinda hard though, eh? Us
gods can be quite the shady
characters, can't we?
My name is Ikelos.
[IKELOS] Unfortunately, the
impudent runts in my Familia
are dumping their
dirty work on me.
[BELL] Uh... oh yeah?
(IKELOS sigh)
(BELL tense)
Tell me what you know
about a talking vouivre.
(BELL gasp)
I hear that thing has got
an absolutely
stunning little face!
[IKELOS] It appeared on
the 19th Floor.
I'd love to sneak a peek...
[IKELOS] I'm conducting an
investigation of sorts.
Say... Little Rookie, buddy...
Would..., you know anything
about that? ...Hmm?
[HERMES] Is that you, Bell?
(BELL notice)
[BELL] Master Hermes...
Go on Bell... Run along.
[HERMES] I know being harassed
by a strange god isn't fun.
(BELL notice)
And Ikelos and I need to have
ourselves a chit-chat.
Yeah?
[HERMES] What's this I hear of
the Ikelos Familia's involvement
in the black market?
Whaa?
Am I a suspect or something?
[HERMES] I don't enjoy
accusing an old buddy
of mine from Heaven.
[HERMES] They say you have
ties to an organization... the
illicit group known as Evilus.
[IKELOS] Lies and slander!
[IKELOS] Evil just
isn't my style.
[HERMES] That's not all...
There's someone smuggling
unique monsters.
Taking them outside Orario's
walls, as if to wreak havoc.
(IKELOS cackling)
Is that what you think
I'm after!? That's rich!
Really, Hermes?
That's my scheme!?
To overrun the Lower World
with a bunch of nightmarish
creatures?!
[IKELOS] Too funny.
Sorry to disappoint...
but it's got nothing
to do with me.
Those kids of mine are
the ones running wild.
They don't show me any
respect these days... Just
a buncha cocky riff-raff.
They even treat me like
I'm some errand boy!
[IKELOS] Then again... Their
stupid antics never get old...
They crack me up...
Keeping our Familias in check
is a part of our job as gods.
Well they can put up with
all sorts of crap, but they
can't resist a good time.
Sounds familiar doesn't it?
[IKELOS] So, as long as they
keep me entertained...
I don't really see the
point in stopping 'em.
[IKELOS] They wouldn't knock
it off even if you killed me
and sent me back to Heaven.
[IKELOS] They'll lay low... And
just worm their way into other
Familias...
Then they'll just pick up
right where they left off.
(HERMES sigh)
[HERMES] A fair point.
(IKELOS stand)
[IKELOS] Round up your friends
you've got lurking in the
shadows...
and feel free to do all
the digging you please.
[IKELOS] Go ahead! I
don't give a rat's ass.
[IKELOS] It'll be much more
interesting that way...
[HERMES] So distasteful.
These gods starving for
entertainment...
[WIENE] I see you, Haruhime!
[HARUHIME] My goodness!
Good job finding me, Wiene!
[WIENE] Now it's
your turn to be "it"!
[HARUHIME] Okay... I'll
start counting then.
[HARUHIME] Are you ready? One...
Two... Three... four...
(WIENE laughing, gasp)
(WIENE awe)
(look) (notice)
(WIENE sniffing)
[WIENE] Smells like Bell.
(WIENE excited)
(WIENE come up for air) (notice)
(WIENE smelling)
[WIENE] I wonder if
he's coming home soon...?
[HESTIA] Is it true, Welf?!
(WIENE notice)
[HESTIA] Are you
absolutely positive...
that it was a talking
monster like Wiene...?
[WELF] Yeah. On floor 19...
in the exact spot where Bell
had found her.
So you're saying there
are other creatures
out there... like her?
[WELF] According
to the monster...
it smelled the scent of its
"brethren" on us or whatever.
(HESTIA pondering)
[LILI] Well I...
think we ought to part
our ways with Lady Wiene.
(WIENE gasp)
But Lili! What do you mean?!
Hear me out...
We're hovering on the edge of
a very dangerous
situation...
This is getting far too risky.
[MIKOTO] I know... but what
happens to Lady Wiene?!
[LILI] We can release
her outside of Orario.
She is a vouivre... She
should be much stronger
than any monsters living
on the surface right now.
Lili please!
Fine...
let's suppose we continue
to protect her...
What are we going to do?
We can't keep her hidden
forever, y'know.
Do we try to pass her off as
a monster that's been tamed?
No one would ever believe us.
[LILI] That girl is
a ticking time bomb.
[LILI] Things are fine now, but
at some point, she's going to
put our Familia in danger.
[LILI] Someone as sentimental as
Master Bell can't handle this.
[LILI] No matter how much he
hates or resents us for it,
we must do something.
Sadly us and Lady Wiene...
can't stay together forever.
After all... she's a monster.
(WELF sigh)
(HESTIA serious)
(door slamming)
(MIKOTO gasp)
(ALL notice)
[MIKOTO] Don't tell me...
(LILI shock)
[WIENE, internal] Why...? Why?!
[WIENE, internal] Why can I not
be with Bell and the others?!
[WIENE, internal] Bell...
where are you?!
[WIENE, internal] Bell... Bell!
[BELL] Wiene disappeared?!
[HESTIA] It's my fault.
[HESTIA] I didn't know
she was listening in on
our conversation...
Everyone has split up...
They're on their way to
find her right now.
[BELL] I'm heading out, too!
(HESTIA concerned) (sigh)
Please be safe out
there... Wiene...
(street chatter)
(DRUNKS laughter/good time)
(WIENE gasp)
[WIENE, internal] Bell...
Where are you...?
(snapping)
(WIENE gasp)
(GIRL notice, gasp)
(GIRL brace)
(CROWD murmuring and
gasping/questioning)
(GIRL scared) (notice) (scream)
[WIENE] Are you... are you okay?
(panting)
(GIRL shock) (scared)
(CROWD fear and
panic and disgust)
[TOWNSMAN A] I-it's a demon!
[ADVENTURER A] A harpy!
No... is that a siren?!
[ADVENTURER B] How did a monster
get all the way out here?!
[TOWNSMAN B] Don't touch it!
[TOWNSMAN C] Stay back!
[TOWNSWOMAN A] What a
vile little thing!
[TOWNSWOMAN B] Why's it in
town?!
(WIENE gasp) (gasp)
[TOWNSWOMAN C] Go to
Hell... monster!
(WIENE notice) (wince)
(WIENE shock) (pain)
(CROWD angry mob yelling)
[CITIZEN A] Freak!
[CITIZEN B] Go! Leave our city!
[CITIZEN C] Go back to the
Dungeon where you belong!
(WIENE pain)
[WIENE] That hurts...
[TOWNSMAN D] It's disgusting!
[TOWNSMAN E] Beat it!
Get outta here!
[WIENE] Save me...
[WIENE] Save me, Bell...!
(BELL grunt)
Move aside!
[BELL] Get out of the way!
(BELL struggling)
[BELL] (gasp) Welf?!
[WELF] What are you gonna do?!
There'll be
consequences... if
you help her out.
[BELL] But I...
[BELL] I can't just leave her!
[WELF] No... Wait!
(BELL panting)
[BELL] Wiene!
[LILI] Head to
the hidden cellar.
(BELL gasp)
[CITIZEN D] It went that way!
[CITIZEN E] The hell is that elf
doing?!
[CITIZEN F] Quickly,
someone call the Guild!
[MIKOTO] Master Bell!
(BELL notice)
[WELF] I assume...
that elf was Lil' Bit.
[BELL] It was... Let's go.
[HARUHIME] Um...where are
we going Master Bell?
[BELL] The hidden cellar...
[BELL] Our first home.
(WIENE soft crying)
(BELL notice)
[WIENE] Is it true, Bell?
[WIENE] Am I... Am I not
allowed... to be with you?
(BELL gasp) (hesitant)
(WIENE gasp) (crying)
(ALL somber)
(WIENE sob) (sobbing)
(BELL upset)
[ADVENTURER C] Hey you!
Find 'em yet?!
[ADVENTURER D]
Nothin' over here!
[FELS] We were overzealous...
[FELS] In them, I had
a faint ray of hope...
[FELS] Alas, it is too early.
[FELS] What say you, Uranus?
(Ending Song, "Evergreen")
[HESTIA] Next time: "Xenos."